Hillstate, which is on a losing streak but is preparing for a spring of hope, and the Kings, who are at the bottom of the check, are looking for new hope with a leap in the second half of the year
We will play the match between Hyundai Engineering & Construction and GS Caltex in the sixth round of the Dodram 2024-2025 v-League Women's Division with Park Mi-hee Art Institute. How are you? Hello, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is currently in the third place with three consecutive losses. We have five more games to play today
Rather than any game about the season, I feel like I'm preparing for spring volleyball. That's right. Hyundai, who prepared for spring volleyball by taking proper rest and performance, took a break from the last game, but as you warmed up normally today, overall
I expect that the players who originally participated will participate normally. That's right. GS Caltex won only one game in 18 games in the first half
Currently, he has won seven games in 13 games in the second half.
I think I'd like to do more seasons. I know. It's very
GS Caltex was the only one who was so happy in the second half that it felt like the season was short
But the young players' performance in the rest of the game
I need to raise it up a little bit and prepare for next year.
That's right. The two teams are expected to do their best today
It will be the last regular season showdown.
So let's take a look at the rankings so far. Director Jung and Hyundai Engineering & Construction are 3 points apart
Hyundai Engineering & Construction has now played one less game. Today, if
If you get 3 points, the points can now be the same as 6 points.
GS Caltex is also
4 rounds, 5 rounds, 3 wins each
Of course, GS Caltex was evaluated as a weak player.
Ziman is at the end of the standings, so he beats Pepper Savings
I think it's going to be a goal to raise the ranking
Two things. No matter how much we practice
The practice is as good as the actual game
Since there's no such thing, I need to value each and every game. That's right.
Yes, the two teams have 4 wins and 1 loss. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is leading
I can see it, but the 5th round is GS
Tess wins
Here we go. Last game
In the match against the Korea Expressway Corporation, I used the players evenly
It was a game where the players took a break and the fans were quite satisfied. That's right.
We lost the game
It's been a while since Hwang Hyunjoo came out and scored a lot with 19 points
Another outsider
Since there is no Wi-Fi player in Peter's part, how much can he get while putting Seo Ji-hye in the real game
These things seem to be very positive. That's right. It was the last game where we gained a lot of things.
GS Caltex won three games in four rounds and five rounds
I won the first round of the 6th round. Now
The point difference between the 6th place Pepper Savings Bank is now 4 points
Both teams are in a good mood, so I think I'll have to see you until the end.
It hurts my pride that 67 is competing, but from the perspective of the players
We'll prepare for the next season by playing every game
I think it will be a good opportunity to do it.
That's right. If GS Caltex wins today, it can make a winning streak.
We got off to a pretty good start again in the last game.
February 18th was the most recent
GS Caltex is the set score for the showdown in Seoul
In all four previous showdowns, Hyundai Engineering & Construction won a 3-0 shutdown
That's right. GS Cal, who didn't get a single set until the 4th round
The misset in the 5th round
What stands out the most is the last one
We won by a score of 15 to 6
I got a pleasant victory. That's right.
How will today's game play out? Ahead of the game, I met with Hyundai Engineering & Construction coach Kang Seo-young and GS Caltex coach Lee Young-taek.
In that game, the main players have some sleeping injuries and physicality, so many players take a break and go into the port for the first time
We played the game, and the breathing inside was better than I thought. I think I was able to see that kind of passion. We also
I'm going to play three matches where I can play as the best member. If there are good situations, I think it would be good to go to second place. If I go to the bad side, I'll be able to complete my physical strength
I'm trying to prepare for the playoffs. I'm going to take a break from a game and I'm feeling better, so I'm going to start as a full member
The fifth round of GS was also a good match, but the result was a bit disappointing, but I think there was a bit of physicality. As we didn't lose, I hope we can make a good move inside the court today.
As the players recover from injuries, that part seems to be coming out consistently with their performance. In the second half of the year, the players
I think I've bounced back well, so I've been complimenting the players and saying a lot of good things. Until the end of the season, I'm going to continue to play with the members who are playing without any injuries.
For now, I'm going to keep the starting list as it is. I'm going to operate it that way with the intention of taking the replacement more flexibly depending on the economic situation. Right now
I think it's more important to keep what we're doing than our strategy, and since the season is just around the corner, I hope both teams finish the game safely without injury.
This is the last face-off between Hyundai Engineering & Construction and GS Caltex this season. I'll be back in a couple of minutes. This is the Suwon gym.
I'm sorry. It's not that bad. I'm a little bloated. It's not that bad. No, let's not endure that bad. Let's start with Tangerine Posel
Why do you think a dodram is the first place? Experts keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. 1st place to make Dodra rice paddies. Meister's favorite flavor. A dollar
Oh, you're Green Bia, too. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right. Nutrition balance is important, and you need to pay attention to your sugar level. It's so delicious for me. Healthcare Downstream Nutrition, Refined Food, Green via
Are our adults doing well? I want to go home Where is it? I'll cheer for you. All adults in the world, Rispel Job Korea, Albamon.
This is Hyundai Engineering & Construction and GS Caltex, which are meeting for the last time this season. Today, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is joined by Ko Hye-rim, Yang Hyo-jin, Moma, Jung Ji-yoon, Lee Da-hyun, Kim Da-in, and Libero Kim Yeon-koung in Outsider, and GS Caltex is joined by Yoo So-yeon in Outsider
Oh Se-hyun, Silva, Kwon Min-ji, Ddoi Kim Ji-won, and Ibero Han Soo-jin will go first.
Both teams are preparing for today's game as the best members.
Both Moma and Silva will start from number 3.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which used a lot of backup players in the last game, sent out the players who had previously started first today. GS Caltex is the best member as always.
If the players of both teams are too conscious of injuries, they are losing their concentration on the game, so I want them to focus only on the game. These are referee Nam Young-soo and deputy referee Jeon Young-ha, Kim Kyung-min, Lee Myung-hyun, and Lee Ho-kyu.
Games Commissioner Bang Shin-bong and referee Jung Yoo-hyun will also join the game.
Silva is currently scoring 848 points. The gap with the 23rd place has already widened quite a bit.
Furthermore, Silva is currently the top scorer despite playing about four games less than Victoria. He is also a Silva who has some pride in scoring first, and he also passed his first score last year.
After the game, Silva has never been named the MVP of the round
Three Best Seven I think I'm looking forward to it a little bit. It's a living legend. Flower deer player Hwang Hyun-joo showed his still strong performance by recording a 50% attack success rate of 19 points in the last game.
First of all, from Hyundai's point of view, the atmosphere has improved. And because you ran hard, the players prepared better. In many ways, I lost the last game, but I think it was a game with a lot of income. That's right. The first set will begin. Cut from the center of Kim Hyun-kyung's Rishi.
He's on the right
How is it? Is it covered? Here we go again. It's sticking together.
It creates four block-out points. I took care of it well. Although Kim Ji-hyun's toss was Selva, Silva handled it well in the head fight with Jung Ji-hoon.
Lee Il-hwa is a player who somehow scores again. It's going to be a score of 1:0.
Way to go, SO JIN. Beg
Yoo Se-hyun,
It's Kwon Minji's consecutive hit block out.
I got hit by the hand and left. Yes
From Hyundai's point of view, there is a chance for players to use their strength today and there will be another game. Yes, if I make a careful prediction, I think it will be next week's Jeonggwanjangjeon.
It hurts with my cheeks sticking together
Coach out. That's right.
First of all, Kim Da-in doesn't look towards Moma, but towards Jung Ji-hoon
I'm going to try it. Of course, it would be good for Hyundai E&C players to win, but I need to pay more attention to the content and process of this game, not to win.
The score is two to one.
I keep it alive and sleep again. What's interesting about Kwon Min-bi is that the centers of both teams have foreign players. Yes, I'm giving a ball to a domestic player right now.
Kim Ji-won also handed the ball to Kwon Min-ji and faced off like this to the players who are making big attacks.
1 point sounds good.
When I saw Moma practicing, she was quite light. That's what I'm saying. When Hyundai first started the season, it went low to make a little change. At the same time, Moma was very difficult, but the height is okay now.
The reception went well.
Piggy Play
After receiving Kim Ji-won, I see Han Soo-jin Silva. 3 strokes
This is important. The RBI made good use of his knee. Yes
They tied the score 3 to 3. Because they continue to play each other, Jung Kyu-yoon grabbed seven Silva championships out of the five games. Yes, the serve was long.
The score is 4 to 3
Now, it's Silva getting ready to serve. Silva is at the top of the serve. He has scored 50 serve points this season.
I'm shaking with the fighting flesh. Did Mom leave? It's out. Oh, it's out of the way.
It's a good try. First of all, in order to cut off Silva's good serve at once, it is true that Kim Da-yoon goes inside his body when the opportunity comes. This was a ball that I hit so well, but it came off. The score is 5 to 32 points
It's live-by serve again.
Let's move on. Direct car
Kwon Min-chi. Now, Shiva has relaxed well and Kwon Min-ji has not missed this.
I'm director Hwang Se-young requesting operation time.
If you give them things like that easily, it's hard to copy. That toss was okay. It's not like Stray Kids, but it's easy
When they're done quickly, you have to look at this situation on the left side. The defensive player doesn't hit hard if it's not right. The reactions need to come quickly
It was director Kang Seo-young's story to prepare a little more for the opponent's consecutive hits. And Silva has just started the second set, so it's right to go strong when he has a lot of stamina left. Yes
GS Caltex is leading by three points.
Silva at the top of the scoreboard and serve
Again.
Jung Ji-hyun Park Go mobile attack Lee Da-hyun was defended.
Park Min-jae's spike
Jeong Jiyoon takes the defense from the back
Silva saved it. It's Taewon's ball. Hit
It's going to be a cover. Han Soojin
As it is, to Silva
It's a success.
I lost the ball. That's what I'm saying. The timing was good, but I got hit on the cheek before my hand went in perfectly. Silva is on the side
I thought the ball was in front of me, but it was handled well. I ordered a bound, but I lost the ball momentarily and couldn't save it. Silva's credit is very strong. Yes
The live-action sub continues. Kim Hyun-kyung
No. 1's air is good. It's a success. Yes
The tempo attack that made a difference was well done and Silva defended aggressively. Yes
The master was long.
In the end, it's 8-4, and we're facing the first technical timeout of the first set. This is Suwon.
Oh, you're Green Bia, too. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right. Nutrition and balance are important, so you have to pay attention to sugar content. I feel reassured. It's so delicious. Downstream Nutritional Foods in Health Care
Green via
Are our adults doing well today as well? It's getting cold now, but I'm already hungry. Mom, I'm hungry. I'm done. I want to go home. Do you have a white card?
Come on in. It's okay
Everyone is doing well. Tomorrow is growing well, so everything you work for, everything in the world, respect job Korea, Albamon
GS Caltex leads by 4 points with 8 to 4 at the beginning of today's game.
GS Caltex with 50% team attack success rate without fault
The game will continue with Kwon Min-jae's serve.
It's like this. Yes
Both teams are making mistakes on their serve. Hyundai Engineering & Construction did the best in both offensive breaking serve when meeting GS. Right, Hyundai was the best part in breaking up to GS
Neither team is good. To the back of Kwon Minji's reception
It's sold to Yoshihyun on the other side of Han Soo-jin. "Break."
It's 3 strokes
Twist it in the opposite river and hit it. That's right. It's important to attract enough players to the opposite side, Ko Ye-rim. At this time, this player's role is very important in the run-up to the attack. That's right.
We have a good attack. 862, two points
Han Soojin's receiving came down a little bit. Right grilling, consecutive hits
I'm in defense.
I'm going to turn it over for now. Minji Kwon changed her position and scored four points to Ryu So-yeon
These are GS Caltex players who are putting the paint very properly. GS Caltex is enjoying some fun with consecutive hits. Yes, then modern athletes
We need to quickly respond to defense and prepare for consecutive hits. It's nine to six. the book of Ddui
It was long.
Here comes the sub mistake again. There are certain types of mistakes depending on the game on the day of the game. I think I need to put it a little short overall because I have a long serve in general today.
Kim Da-in getting ready to serve
It was hard to pass. I saved it.
It became FOMO.
Oh, I saved one more hit. I'm ready for Silva
Hit the right hole
Block out has been declared. Let me check. Okay
Coach Hwang Seo-young asks for a video review as the players say it wasn't right.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested a video review of the broker touch. If this is out
That's what I'm saying.
And the RBI was good and the location was very good. It's been confirmed. How do you get away with it like that? Yes, that's what I'm saying.
It was out as it was, and now it's 9 to 81 points.
I want to give you a score. Yes, I agree. Yes
Let's move on by hitting Kim Da-in's sub-net again. It's floating fast and Oh Se-hyun is blocked.
Yang Hyo-jin's Blocking Scores Since four or two players were in front of him, Kim Jae-hyun has to play golf ball more leisurely. It was tied at 9 to 9. Yang Hyo-jin defended it correctly.
Kim Da-in, the ace who turned the tables on his serve
In the end, head coach Lee Young-taek has no choice but to bring the players together. Hyundai Engineering & Construction succeeded in turning the tables.
It was too strong. It flowed into me and it was short
Not the hand that pulls the ball towards the road, but the 5 minutes of the serve that flies the other way
I was good at it
I shouldn't search it.
Director Lee Young-taek also said at the end that it was cut off due to a good atmosphere mistake. Yes 7 vs 38 vs 4 the score was flipped in an instant and in that situation they are giving up points on the easiest breaking and serve. Yes
Hyundai Engineering & Construction tied the game with a block and made a turnaround with a serve.
Kim Da-in continued to serve.
KWON MIN JI and KIM JI WON's background
a right guard.
Yes, it's possible.
Silva's speed is very good today. Yes
He scored by beating Blocker completely.
I followed Han Soo-jin's dig in the middle, so I saved it for now. I'm handing it over. After receiving Yang Hyo-jin's obind, he's out again.
In modern times, this has to fit. This kind of good defense came out when the decision was the best. Yes, it's today, but I fell and got out.
It was the same course again, but you're out.
You're attacking in place. Time difference attack. This was a very big attack, so I think it would have been nice to see it a little longer. Yes.
There were two attack mistakes. 12 to 10
One.
Body, Pike came in.
My body is fine today. Yes
From Kim Da-in's point of view, he used another player at the beginning and took a break for one game. Yes. I'll boost my sense of play first, and after the important middle, I'll probably have more balls to go to Moa.
Drop it in the Line Park where you came from Batters.
Shake it.
I saw this team for a long time, but it was defended.
Block out.
GS Caltex 14 vs 11. Already 5 points over 50 50% success rate. Director Jang Seo-yeon has his head out like this and asks for operation time.
Bring the mood and watch it. We're going to make mistakes again. We can't do well except for the side out anyway. The counterattack is the second time. So I think it's important how fast we turn when we do Rishi. When we fight back, we'll practice a little lower
I saw it coming and it's all inside. My wish is to go New Year's Eve
All right. Hurry up and find out
In terms of this season's record, Hyundai Engineering & Construction also ranks first with 4.3 centan errors. After the second half, there are more than five. There are already five mistakes in Gyeonggi Province today
And with the mistakes included, yes. He's giving up a three-point lead.
the service of Yoshiyeon
Risp is shaking. With Koo Hye-rim on top, Jung Ji-hoon is off. It's a punching bag. This is important. This is because it is not easy to play unless Jung Joon-hyun already makes up for the burden of sub-receiving with an attack.
It's also very important when you're beating them up. So, we're going to meet you in spring volleyball
Heungkuk Life Insurance Co. and Jeong Kwan-jang have a much stronger serve. Yes, that’s right.
Yang Hyo-jin will come out for a while, and Han Min-woo will go in and serve. Han Soo-jin received it and saved the tombstone.
I followed him to Hanmi and lifted him up. Body out bike
Good blocking came out. Kwon In-ji's blocked goal mom should also give more length with the idea that there are higher players than Kwon Min-jae for the same ball. Yes. 15 to 12
Oh Se-young
It's shaking. It takes care of it quickly. Microphone touch out. Yes. Touch out has been declared.
I couldn't avoid it, but yes, that's right. The ball is out. Yes.
Kwon Min-ji, who was defending, got hit in the head. Yes
Oh my, I hope you get my serve well
I'll hit you. Okay
The live-by score made it 16-13. This is the second technical timeout of the first set. This is Suwon.
It's a waste of me to eat something else.
Why it's cheese? It's not like Pradak chicken. It's a little bloated. Pharmacy is not that bad. No, it's just enough to eat gelphosel
Let's not endure heartburn and bloating all at once and start right away. Tangerine posel
Now it's a showdown between Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which has to prepare for the postseason playoffs, and GS Caltex, which wants a good finish by the sixth round of the second half. GS Caltex leads Hyundai Engineering & Construction by 3 points with 16 to 13
Silva still has a 60% offensive winning percentage of his six points in today's game.
Jung Ji-hoon and Kim Da-in come down and upload them.
I saved it. Yes, I'm Kim Chaewon.
Still, the serve to Jung Ji-hoon is going very well, and he is receiving a lot of Jung Ji-hoon today. I wondered if Silva would use her feet. Yes, yes, yes
16 to 142 points
Hyundai Engineering & Construction now has Ko Min-ji come in and serve.
The reception went well.
Push it in with both hands. The goal was too low and this was processive, but from Hyundai's point of view, this is also a mistake. Yes.
The goal that comes out of the body
It's been handled well. If you look at Kim Ji-won's mouth after tossing, you felt it right now. Let's toss Kim Ji-won. Let's toss Kwon Min-ji. Yoo Ah-ram is here.
I have four serve points this season. Hold it inside
Do you check now? You're checking it once.
You have requested a video review of the in-out. It's a video review request about whether to turn it in or out. Yes, yes
As a result of selection, it has been confirmed as out.
It's out of the way.
But every time Yoo Ah-ram comes in, he does one thing
He's a player who goes out. Yes sets are left. It's Cho Dae-hwan, who was quite disappointed. Now, there's a two point difference
It's out.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction has a lot of sub-homekits today. You have to think about this, too. Compared to other gyms, trust is blowing a lot of things inside
It's turning. Yes, it's going around, so I think we need to take this into account.
Walk to the left. I'd love to.
Ko Hye-rin is light today. That's right. The speed of the attack like this was so fast that I felt like I was really hitting the ball and Kim Da-hyun's toss was also very accurate. That's right.
When Ko Hye-rim is good at attacking, her form is coming out. 18 to 16
back-to-back hits with Lee Ju-hwa
But you can't do it alone. I saw one hand running out.
Success! A great attack came out. Yes
I love watching these rookies. Yes
Lee Ju-hwan also said this year was his first year, so to play properly next season, we need to show the last six rounds of this season. Yes, that’s right.
While falling down, Ritchie is the center mason, Yang Hyojin
When Yang Hyo-jin receives serve, he goes in from behind, so he can make a powerful attack.
You have to keep this position even when you get off. It was Jang Hyunjin's first attack score in today's game. The De
19 to 181 points
Go Hye-rim and Go Hye-rim's attack and defensive serve also gave them strength. Tyout Gis Caltex Yerim pushed it now, so the ball is falling off a little faster. You have to judge it quickly
It falls off easily. And if it's hard, she hits it too fast, so Jisoo needs to do it a little faster. I'll get a seat and it won't fall out
It was the current time for head coach Lee Young-taek, who was mainly talking about Koo Hye-rim's serve ball and timing.
It's early days, but Ko Hye-rim's attack and serve's performance are very good news for Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which is set for spring volleyball. Of course. Yes, player Yoo Ah-ram
Three.
I'm Ko Yoon, who has a 50% success rate for the third generation today.
Please move to the left
Yang Hyo-jin's tie blocker didn't look anywhere else, but Yang Hyo-jin was only looking at Silva. The perfect blocking of the pitcher's loss came out. 19 to 19 and eventually tied the game again.
Director Lee Young-taek will now remove Lee Ju-hwan and put Ryu So-yeon back in.
First of all, one sub reception is important. Oh, it was long.
20s and 19s
It is necessary to quickly organize the idea that the players generally have longer balls than they think. Yes, it's GS Caltex, which leads by one point again. Let's make it short
Kim Yeon Gyeon who saves her life
He's out of Moi-id again. Kim Hyun-kyung is out this time. Yang Hyojin is out.
There are too many mistakes of Hyundai Engineering & Construction in the first set. There are eight. Yes
Three of them were Yang Yoo-jae's attacks and the course was very good. It was hard to tie, but two points of emotion are made again.
It's up to you to push the hit.
It's on the straight side of Kang Vinci.
Dig's attack that is good enough for director Lee Young-taek to clench his hands
This was a very fast move by SK players. Yes, so GS Caltex is not scoring in the center, but Kwon Min-ji is now playing his part on the other side of your Silva. That's right.
Both players have six points each.
It's long now. Min-ah, Ducky out, Se-hyun scored.
In Anyang
If Oh Se-hyun looked at the back and put it in, he improved a lot during this season, and yes, if he went by mistake, it's something to think about, but yes, the result was good anyway. GS Caltex 23-19 with 4 consecutive points.
Once again, Kwon Minji
You've entered the bar.
This is a set of sand points from GS Caltex.
Oh Subin will come in and serve.
I'm going to fall down and do this Shiv Direct. Yes
This is how the first set ends. Set 1 GS Caltex takes it 25 to 20. GS Caltex had a very high attack success rate and played a very salty hundred while minimizing vacancy.
The away team GS Caltex will take the first set. We'll continue the broadcast with this set in a little while. This is the Suwon gym.
Because your dreams are higher than the high walls of reality
From start-ups to star companies, are we all missing Zew sugar so that a tomorrow full of fighting hope can be opened?
No way. I added protein Zero sugar, zero cholesterol, zero sugar, plus protein
Genu Stevia Protein Coffee Mix
Won. Won is
Like me, we wanted to be DOYOUNG and our members for that life
What's more surprising is that from now on
I don't want to eat anything else
Why It's Cheese? Pradak Chicken Uh is also Greenvia. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right. It's important to have a nutritional balance. And
You have to pay attention to him, too. I feel reassured. I'm so delicious. Downstream Nutrition Greenvia Do you know why Dodraman money is the number one?
Experts keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. Meister who makes a lot of money with a board. My favorite flavor board and a lot of money
GS Caltex brought the first set against Gyeonggi Hyundai Engineering & Construction today.
The difference in error was large, and the difference in attack success rate was also large. That's right. In the middle, Lee Da-yeon and Yang Hyun-jin usually take up nearly 20% of the share and give up as many points, but they can hardly score today
If it's a little disappointing, then we need to change our minds a little more about how Kim Da-hyun should solve the play or whether he should lean a little more toward Moba.
That's right. Jung Ji-hoon and Moma scored four points each, Silva scored seven and Kwon Min-gyu scored six points. Yang Hyo-jin scored three points in the first set, but he scored only one point on offense and had a success rate of only 14%.
And there were three mistakes.
Juice Caltex brought the first set with the power of both wings. Yes, as the starting player lost a point, Kwon Min-ji scored 6 points
He is increasing the score in attack. The second set will begin with Ko Hyerim's serve.
Hello.
The lychee is shaking.
I'm blocked by this by-open.
Today's blocking score is Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which is making 4 points now. It's Jung Ji Yoon's blocking right now.
The current position is the highest. The score is 1:0 again. Kim Jiwon moves a lot.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction Starts Second Set With Back-to-Back Blocking Scores
Solo blocking is successful.
Back up, Rishi
Get a consecutive hit
They fall while holding Han and Jo Ji-hoon, making it 3 to 0.
GS Caltex succeeded in attack while handling it quickly, and in order to continue the atmosphere of the first step, our first serve needs to be done better. I'm director Lee Young-taek of GS Caltex, who is requesting the operation time immediately.
This block is the highest. You can't just get it live. You can draw it while putting it on the groove. As I said before, the one where you hit it is short
I said I'm going to go quickly
Players say that high balls should not come because the opponent's height is the highest. And one of the reasons why Silva had a high chance of success in the first set was
There were a lot of thin balls in the set rather than high balls right now. That's right. In today's blocking, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is leading by 5 to 1.
I'm blocked.
It's near Yoon Seo-yeon. I saved the ball in a row
Jeongju-ri Spike
As you fall down
Can I hit you?
Hyundai Engineering & Construction cannot be king due to threats.
Kwon Min-ji supported him from the back. One more time, Silva Kaica
It's going through. Kwon Min-soo positioned the dig so well, and yes, I was good at this, but Kim Soo-hyun's back pitching at the end was very good.
Silva's score made it 3 to 1.
Kim Eun-kyung
Jung Ji-hoon, whose left side comes in, is a success.
Jung Ji-hoon is making the most points in the team today. It's good to cut it short and hit it. Yes
Jung Ji-hoon is also quite good at attacking the time difference and today's attack success rate is reaching 50%. Silva is the receiver.
It's in the front, but I saved it. Kim Jihwan
There's a traffic jam.
Once again, MOMA scored a block
Oma was keeping the straight line well. Yes, Kim Ji-hyun needs to be more bold about these balls. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is leading by 4 points
a girl's two-tiered connection.
Kwon Minji, block out.
Still, Kwon Min-ji has 7 points. Two players, Kwon Min-ji and Jung Ji-yoon, are doing quite well today. Lee Da-yeon got hit and scored a block out
The gap is three points apart
Go Yerim
So today's game is... Jung Ji-hoon and Ko Ye-rim are definitely showing their form when they're good. That's right. And Kim Da-in also trusts these two players and gives them a lot of balls. Yes, this single tooth is also good.
I received it well. It's
The two players have a very fast timing for this stonemason.
Yemoma's very good serve was exactly connected. It is 2 with a 50% success rate of stonemasonry. It's ranked second in stonemasonry.
Silva by three points
LEE DAE HYUN, please do it faster
Jung Ji-hoon did a good job. I couldn't move and breathe well.
It's on the right.
A cool attack came out as he aimed at the course so well as if he were measuring himself. Yes, the timing wasn't right here Yes, yes. At times like that
You have to decide whether to hit him in the back or move forward. Now, I ask for operation time. Director Kang Sung Hyun always said, "I can't miss the timing of your pipe."
You posted the difficult one well. Does this mean we have to go back or if the story doesn't match the timing, we have to go both ways. I mean, I have to go to you.
It's twisted here, but it's good and you can't do that. It's also strong. You have to go back when it's strong. We went well in the beginning. You brought the flow well. So the part that's a little more cold is to be cold. Okay, okay. Let's do it
He also said that the attack on the central arc using Moma should fit a little better, and if it doesn't work, show some flexibility. Usually now, there's no problem when you toss and the center moves forward. But
There is a high probability of hitting when the movement after tossing is back again. Right? Yes.
Closer to two points of counterattack.
We got along well with each other for a short period of time, except for Oma
Cameron Bomber Moma, who overcame his 184-centimeter-tall rise in the past thousand times behind the attack line with elasticity and skill, scored a thousand points in his second career issue of all time.
He is the first player to score a thousand backward points. That's right.
Block out has been declared. Nicely done. To tell you more about Moma, he's 130
Four games. That's right. That's one point. Hwang Hyun-joo is now the number one escort with 1,254 points, but the actual success is now 970. That's right. That's because there's already been an attack by two points. That's right.
I got hit by a stonemason, but because of the score
I need to change my mood. Big Maa also scored, so it should be a good opportunity to try a little more next time. This is the first technical timeout of the second set. This is Suwon.
Compass of Korea's Health
Korea's First Stomach Health Double Formulation Will Peony
I'm going to take care of my stomach's health
As expected, it's an outpatient on the top.
It's a waste of me to eat something else.
The reason why it's cheese is that only Pradak Chicken Zew sugar is missing? I don't think so? I added protein Zero sugar, zero cholesterol, zero sugar, add protein, and chow
Stevia protein coffee mix
Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which gave up the first set, is gaining strength in the second set. He's leading by 3 points with 8 to 5. Along with his team's good flow, Moma also made his first career back-scoring. It's Lee Da Yeon's serve.
It's coming in briefly. Here we go. Lee Seoyeon's score
The score is 8 to 6
Clever score. Yes
If you try to go too hard, there's a high chance you'll get caught
GS Caltex continues to have a good team attack success rate in 12 sets now.
Jeong Jiyoon
I pushed it out as it is.
That's good. I took care of it well. Yes, overnet is actually a very sensitive part for players. That's right. So the play might shrink a little, but yes, I handled it well.
Silva and Ryu Soyeon's comic play
It's a 1-point gap
Yang Hyojin fell in the middle and live by pig
Lee Seo Hyun. Yes, it's a success.
In the second set, Ryu So-yeon comes out again. Shinman defended Yang Hyo-jin's paint too well. Yes, maybe that's why I'm encouraging the players because they're better than when they attack. Eight to eight
We tied the game. Yes, Yoseoyeon, who ran scared
It's out. There's a mistake coming out. Yes, look. If Yang Hyo-jin and Lee Da-yeon don't score
This unreasonable attack comes out because Oh Se-hyun or Tui started in advance and the exact timing went. Yes, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is the 9th one
So this attack is out, too. That's what I'm saying. Spilling out the home room. Yes
Eventually, we request a second operation time in the early hours.
Some of these are our rules our law
When I was in that room, I turned around when it got weak, and that's what I was disappointed about. What's unfortunate about this is the difference. Over there and us
Hyundai Engineering & Construction also won more than four games until the third round, but in the fourth round, three wins and five rounds, they are now losing the first game of the second round and the sixth round.
Whenever a crisis comes
That's what I did, but it's a shame that the economy is unstable now
It's cus out. Hyundai Engineering & Construction has three consecutive attack mistakes now.
Now, coach Kang Sung-hyun was planning to give the main players a proper rest while maintaining their performance, but there are a lot of bump pens today.
Kang Chan, score
The reason why GS Caltex players are playing so well is that they predict and move well in advance of their opponents. Yes
The second set is GS Caltex, where Triangle Hyundai is in operation with the addition of Yoshihyun.
It's a back-to-back defense
I saved it
Can I pass it? I can't turn it over.
It's a score of 10
Hyundai Engineering & Construction is making one point with difficulty.
Rather, Hyundai is not raising the score by their own play, but by the opponent's mistakes. Yes
Silva already has a very high success rate of 10 points. Still, after Silva scored nine points, the domestic players took a lot of rest to score. I know. It's not too aggressive. Yes
It's my team that leads by four points.
The serve was long. Hyundai continues to score more and more points in a row. I know. Yes, so it's become very easy for the opponent to play.
Go Hyerim on the serve
Thank you for the time. Yes, yes
Yoo So-yeon is already scoring 6 points in today's game. Since he scored one point in the first set, he is now scoring five points in the second set. And as we dig short and long into the middle, we're constantly making changes to the play. Yes
After receiving Kim Hyun Gyun, Jung Ju Hyun's key was opened
From the point of view of the Kim Da-in center, Yang Hyo-jin is not doing well right now, so he can't give up Yang Hyo-jin and continues to go only to the side. That's right. If so, it's getting harder to attack because the other broker is moving in advance. Yes
Kwon Minji receiving
Hitting Silva hits it in.
And the exact ball is being delivered well. Yes. After Kim Jae-hyun's ball to Oh Se-hyun was caught by Yang Hyo-jin
I can't give it to Kim Jae-hyun and Oh Se-hoon, but it's well delivered on both sides. That's right.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction, with Moma scoring 9 points today, and Jung Ji-hoon and Moma scoring 9 points each. Kwon Min-ji ran well.
It's a Silva success while putting it up.
We are facing our second technical timeout of 16/122 sets. This is Suwon.
Compass of Korea's Health
Korea's First Stomach Health Double Formulation Will Peony
I'm going to take care of my stomach's health
As expected, it's an outpatient on the top. Oh, you're Green Bia, too. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right. It's important to have a nutritional balance
It's reassuring to take care of your sugar level. I'm so delicious. Health care downstream nutritional supplements, green vias, mugwort, hydropower, not that much. It's a little bloated. The pharmacy isn't that much. No
Let's start with Tangerine Posel instead of holding on to your stomach and feeling bloated
GS Caltex overcame the atmosphere at the beginning of the second set and made a turnaround of 16-12. Today's team attack success rate is reaching 55%. We're going to play in a pretty good way
The attack success rate, which was maintained at around 35% in the usual game, is much higher.
Silva at the top of the serve
The serve is being pushed out.
GS Caltex has more than 5 mistakes per set per game, but there are only 6 mistakes so far in the middle of the second set today.
I'm taking care of my bucket. Hyundai Engineering & Construction has a problem.
Kwon Minji
Prime Minister Hyun-ta Ko Hye-rim touched it well. These are Moba,
Live by Dig
And Silva
It's out.
Human was greedy. After a good defense, he signed on himself. Yes
I was confident. But it's out of the way. 16:14 Ryu Soyeon Elly is back
Good move. Kim Jihyun's toss today is high and very fast. So I think we can take more of your share because this player has a pretty high success rate. And overall, the sub-receiving is going well today. Yes
So-hee came during the season, but she's making a pretty good performance.
Yoo Ah-ram is here.
Kim Hyun-kyung
To the left, Choi's ears were well-blued. Yes
The mid-blue is reading the process of Kim Da-in pitching in advance. It's stuck right on my right hand. GS Caltex Makes 4 Points Impressive Again
You get caught in the net. 18 to 15
Which players are the most popular in GS Caltex? Well, it's a question that I never thought of, so I'll study it a little more. Okay
Visual Brewing
I'm stuck. This good breaking could be a good opportunity to change the team atmosphere a little bit. Yes
There is no problem with Hyundai E&C's blocking today. Yang Hyo-jin is also holding three blocks.
Dear Lee Ju,
Kim Jihwan, it's Joo Kang Seok's again. This is another player who makes a score. In the first set, Silva and Kwon Min-ji accounted for most of the attacks
Yoo So-yeon and Tui are joining the second set. That's right. Tui is a very lightweight player and his timing for stonemasons is very fast and good. Tui came out for a while and Kim Mi-hyun was put in for serve.
Kim Mihyun can serve in various ways
You can put it in short.
Go Yerim
The Dig of Kim Mi-hyun, Rome
It's Lee Ju-hwa on the other side. Rival Spike
It's out of drawing. It was pushed out as it was. It's because I'm too conscious of hitting. If you hit the wrist and hit the side
It's important to hit him quickly. You're asking for a video review.
This is it. The Hyundai Construction team has requested a video review of the in-out. Video read request about whether to turn it in or out. Yes
As a result of the supervision, it was confirmed to be out. Unlike Hyundai Engineering & Construction, there are a lot of mistakes in this attack. That's right.
The gap between 20 and 164 points is high.
It's Kim Mi-hyun who puts in a short serve. From our perspective, the space seemed very large because there were too many defensive players in the back, and Kim Mi-hyun is a very good serve player.
Kim Mi-hyun has various sliders and changer curves. I have to go strong this time. This time, Ko Hye-rim received it. It's Yang Hyo-jin in the middle. I'm on defense
I passed it over.
Pike
Go Yerim
For Hyundai Engineering & Construction, it is not easy to make a point like this in today's game. When HYOJIN didn't make it
It's today's homework on how to solve the game. Also, they are in a position to play home volleyball, so I think those things will actually remain.
So, there are only two offensive points in the center, which is the strength of Hyundai E&C.
Of course, Yang Hyun-soo will also improve his condition, but this result is probably too inside the attack line. You need to come out a little more and make it faster to go in.
I heard more. Create a successive block-out team. In a way, it might be this easy to get 2 points, but there are times when it's too hard. Yes
Lee Joo-hwa joined hands and sent him out.
Kim Jae Won, a man with a family
Out. Yes
Being able to hit a straight line well has many advantages, but if there is even a little error like this, it gets out. That's right. Alicia, again
Blocking as if you're moving
Jung Jiyoon's blocking
Hyundai Engineering & Construction closes the gap by 22 to 202 points
And then you have to be prepared for the short fall
Cho Hyunjoo, are you behind me
Hyundai Engineering & Construction is narrowing the gap little by little. GS Caltex has only won one game so far until the third round, but it is in a pretty good mood now in the 456th round.
In terms of the second half record alone, the number of points is 21, so it has the fourth most points among the seven clubs. That's how it works. So I was playing well enough to ask GS before Kobe was decided.
I'm Ko Hye-rim from the sand dune truck. We're going to go with 2 bodies and 1 point difference today.
It's a frosty dot as you shake it and put it in
Once again,
It's a tie with a score.
Ryu So-yeon is jumping out fast. So from Lee Young-taek's point of view, Lee Ju-hwa gave him a chance to endure this situation
Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which scored five consecutive points, eventually tied the score.
Oh, the attacker, Siri
Successful upset Hyundai Engineering & Construction became a good serve reception after three times, and in fact, this is not because Kim Ji-hyun is the problem, but because Oh Se-hyun was not preparing.
As the attack did not exceed the fourth inning, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is now moving forward.
It was a smart play. 23 to 23
Today, Ko Hye-rim and Yoo Se-yeon are scoring 7 points each. I'm Yoshiyeon, getting ready to serve.
Cheer up.
The reception was shaky. It's Jung Ji-yoon's side. Ible Spike
It came over.
Quickly inside the body
back-to-back hits
I'm defending and I'm going to have a chance to play again. Taka Kwon Minji
Kwon Min-soo made such a good decision, and in fact, Kim Da-in's pitcher was too short before that, and in fact, these things determine the course of the game.
The set point juice pat of the two sets is short. It's too short.
We're going to deuce.
KWON MIN JI will take it
I saved him by Barr and he's exactly fine. Moa Pike
In the end, it's because Roman was good at attacking, but Han Mi-ri's enders fell a little and three players went. Yes
Now Hyundai Engineering & Construction will receive set points.
Positive touch does not make two mistakes. 25 to 25
This set is
It's getting tight in the second half of the set. Oh Se-yeol of the serve
Oh Hyerim worked hard to make it work. Spike
Now, we're in defense.
It's a score.
Giscatex players are doing so well behind the scenes today, and they are playing smartly without overdoing it every time the decisive ball goes up. So, it doesn't have to be Silva in this critical situation. Today
That's right.
The risk has been shaken.
Moma's concentration is also reviving.
The third news
A quick attack worked.
Kim Da-in comes out and Na Hyun-soo is put in as a one-point blocker. Moma's turn to serve.
Sit Caltex defenders need to prepare for a light serve, thinking that they have to go over it.
Serve
Amoma makes serve points here.
As expected, Moma is a player. I'm asking for a video review
Whether he stepped on the sub-line or not, coach Lee Young-taek needed time. I requested a video review of the ANDLINE touch. Not at all. Yes, yes
There is no problem.
All right. First of all, GS Caltex needs to reduce its anxiety and put it on the attack line, and Kim Ji-hyun needs to prepare another ball that fits her. 27 to 26
Minji lifted it up and went towards Silva
That's right. Yes, yes. 27 to 27
This is followed by a close race of Deus. Silva is a reliable player. Yes
Lee Da-yeon got hit and was out.
And this time, GS Pantex is live by Sony
It's not out
It's out of the way.
First of all, the course I threw to hit the serve was a little right. 28 vs. 27 I'm shaking with 10 points today.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction will have a chance to end it. Where is Kim Dine going?
I'm taking this set with me because it's hard to shake and GS Caltex has to play a lot of games like this. After a close game of deuce, the set score became 1 to 1 revenge.
We'll continue with the broadcast in three sets in a little while.
This is the Suwon gym.
What's more surprising is that from now on
It's a waste of me to eat something else.
Why it's cheese? Pradak chicken
Two one
Our Won is
Just like me, I want to do what we want to do and live our lives
Are our kids doing well today as well? I just got to work, but I'm already hungry. I miss my mom. I'm hungry. I want to go home
Do you have a license card? Come on in It's okay.
Everyone is doing well. My work is growing well, so everything I work for, everything I do in the world, respect job Korea, Albamon, and Korea's health
Korea's First Stomach Health Double Formulation Will Peony
I'm going to take care of my stomach's health
As expected, it's an outpatient on the top. Is the sugar only missing? No way. I added protein Zero sugar, zero cholesterol, zero sugar, add protein, and zenu
Stevia Protein Coffee Mix
This is a financial box office hit of 20 million, over 10 million
KB Star Banking
Until it becomes a financial box office hit for everyone in Korea
It's not that bad because I'm heartbroken. I'm a little bloated. The pharmacy is not that bad, no, let's not endure the heartburn and bloating enough to eat gelphosel at once, but let's just start.
Tangerine posel
retirement pension Hana Bank IP Hana Bank all together
Oh, you're Green Bia, too. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right. Nutrition balance is important, and you need to pay attention to your sugar level. I'm so delicious. downstream nutritional supplements
Green via
Everyone, let's go together. It's easy to get together better with Sol's meeting account, so the meeting fee is better, so come to Sinan to get together better
GS Caltex brought the first set and Hyundai Engineering & Construction brought the second set. The second set was a close game of deuce. Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd
In the end, the set score was frozen 1 to 1 when the set was brought after a close race between professors.
GS Caltex also has a lot of mistakes in the second half. There were 4 mistakes in the first set. There are 12 mistakes
And Hyundai Engineering & Construction's player Lee Hae-joon still scored four points
Since we have 3 blocks, we can only do one attack
You're doing it. We need to solve this part more
When it comes to HYOJIN, no matter how hard it is
When it's over, I'm doing it to a certain extent. That's right. You need to think about that
Moma created the set that was all tilted like a miracle. That's right.
The score distribution of both teams is pretty similar today
Moma is at the center, Jeong Joon, Ko Hye-rim, and GS Caltex are at the center, followed by Kwon Min-jae and Ryu So-yeon. When the sponsorship system was over, I told you that GS Caltex should play games like this often
The reason is not that it's a game that gives out a set, but you have to keep playing in this urgency deuce situation. Young players' hearts get sticky and then they enjoy it.
And you have to overcome it to become a strong team. That's right.
We exchanged 1 set each, but after this set, how will the early flow of this 3 set be? Usually, after a set like this
What didn't work out on the team taking it, starts to unravel, and I expect Hyundai to score a little more points in the middle broker today.
3 sets off with Yoshiyeon's serve
It's out.
GS Caltex made eight mistakes at the end of the set after no mistakes in the second set, but it was overturned after leading 20 to 16. That's what I'm saying. Yes.
Oh Hyerim,
It's Sujin and Oh Sehyun
It's still Bum-pil. There are two mistakes.
This is how Oh Se-hyun was in the second seat and became a beat. Yes. Then it's hard to position the sub receiving if the first ball isn't quite as accurate. You have to go this way.
If the reception is shaken, the opportunity comes again. Rome
Cho Hee Hoon is on the other side
You didn't stop him.
It's Luckout.
Today, Jung Ji-hoon is consistently showing a high attack success rate. Silva's right hand hit him and he's out. It's three to zero.
Kim Hyun-kyeon's scaffolding
Jeong Jiyoon
Out. Yes.
The course was good for now. But the ball got longer because I got hit on the cheek before the elbow spread. I think I'm looking at whether it's in or out.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested to read the bidders for the in-out.
Yes, yes, yes. 3:0
The reading confirmed that it was out. Yes, it's confirmed to be out.
Out of the first four points, three points are coming out for both teams.
It's hard. HYOJIN
Silva managed to save it and Kwon Minji. Yes
GS Caltex is a mistake again. That's right. Ko Min-ji tried to touch out, but Yang Hyo-jin seems to know in advance and put his hand down. Yes, I want to tell you. Yes
The situation is over. I gave you one ball.
Scilla scored 15 points
The result is different from the difference in the distance. You need to run a little faster in advance.
Silva
I manage to turn my serve over to the plot.
Hit the mat to Kwon Min-ji on the other side of Han Soo-jin.
KWON MIJIN was too greedy and he was much bigger than his own
It's out of control. Four out of five Hyundai Engineering & Construction points are GS Caltex's mistakes. You need to make it a little lighter. In a way, it's like reviving the atmosphere of Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
However, Hyundai Engineering & Construction also has more mistakes than usual today. The score is 5 to 3
Kwon Min-ji received 10 points and a 53% fertilizer success rate today, and this is the score.
GS Caltex, which has lost concentration in the game
Kim Hyung-geun's reception was long now. I have to deal with it from above, but I missed this.
Yoo Se-hyeon
Throw yourself to the defense. Go Yerim
It's out.
There are too many mistakes of both teams in the third set. It's out as it is.
January
It's too much of a mind.
Both teams have too many sailboats in the third set.
It's not perfect.
I can't see it even now.
Keep it alive and push it away.
Both teams are in such a chaotic mood right now. It's chaotic. It needs to be sorted out quickly, and there are many reasons why it's confusing, but we have to do it more tightly when we're not able to focus on the game, but this gesture comes out because of this wild evil spirit.
What's wrong with silver? I think my knees are not good again. Take out the Silva. Lee Ju-hwa has entered. Silver is taking off his shoes right now.
Oh Kyung-won's Yang Hyo-jin Yang Hyo-jin's score finally comes out. That's right. It's too late to score, but you have to run around and improve your condition a little more. It's still too close to the ball. This is the first technical timeout of three sets.
This is Suwon.
Is my sugar the only one missing? I don't think so? We added protein. Zero sugar, zero cholesterol, zero sugar, plus protein, my stevia protein coffee mix
Are our kids doing well? I want to go home Where is it? I'll be rooting for you. all over the world
Rispel Job Korea Albamon, an adult or everything in the world,
After Hyundai Engineering & Construction and GS Caltex exchanged one set each, they have been spending the beginning of the third set a little cluttered. Silva seems to have a bad right ankle, so he's coming out now.
Backtos Lee Jooah, successful.
I think Lee Jae-hwa will be able to see a lot next year. Of course. Yes, I'm getting it now
I'm adapting quickly to the Touroo. 8 to 2 points
I ran in and threw my body to defend.
It's a ball that hits.
Kim Hyun-kyu quickly connects to BEOMA Blue Key
Oh Se-hyun's blocking score. Oh Se-hyun is quite tall. All right.
Oh Se-hyun, who is ranked third in blocking, and Oh Ah-man, where did you take it out after you got caught like this?
Kim Hyun-kyung is connecting to the 2nd stage, but she's a little lost
Left hand
Let's move on.
It's coming back.
Yang Hyo-jin
Kwon Minji sold,
Lee Ju-ah, makes a score for a Luckout. Lee Joo-ah, who is now in the apogit position, attacks much more comfortably. That's right
The reason why it is not being sorted out quickly is that we are playing with different goals now, but I think we have to play well. Yes. It's tied at 8 to 8.
The cutting board could not be saved in a row.
I'm requesting an operational time. Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd
Why is the taba so chaotic? It's suddenly chaotic. It's good to bring it back, and if it doesn't work or two, it's going to get messy like this. The connection and the connection parts are not working. You have to connect it when both sides don't have issues. It's not working well
No, not the front. He didn't know from the back, but I think he'll give it from the back. They say you can't keep Libero because it's over there. Let's go back to sleep. Calmly
Most of the players have experienced it, but yes, if you go to spring volleyball now, there will be much stronger pressure than now. Coach Kang Seo-young hopes to get out of these moments a little wisely in preparation for then.
GS Caltex succeeded in turning the tables with four consecutive points.
Hit him in the middle.
Oh, it's out.
It's moving forward with a back a like this. Yeah, but the reason why I'm doing this is that I think the willingness to shake up the opponent's Brookings is not moving at all.
Self-receiving is shaking.
Highball Spike
I lifted it lightly. Backtust migration
The players overlapped.
Ryu So-yeon defended behind the Whale Mail Open
Kwak Min-ji
I hit my head and came up.
Soojin who made the connection exactly to the inside of the body once again
Challenge
This is a success.
Rather, GS Caltex's players' concentration is much better, and from the standpoint of blocking and defense, their teamwork is much better.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction has six players playing separately right now.
Is it your fault? Yes, I stopped by.
GS Caltex has scored seven points in a row, but there's no Silva on the court right now. Yes
Hwang Hyun-joo goes in instead of body eggs.
I think we need GSK. Yes, yes, that's right. There needs to be a change. GS Caltex is playing so well today that I wonder when it scored seven consecutive points against Hyundai. 12 to 8
As soon as you come in, you make a score. I think you need to go in and organize the court. Yes.
Well
If you run for 21 years, can you see what I should do? Yes. Yes, yes. It's organized. Yes. It's shaken by the lease.
Open. Lee Ju Hwan is... Yes, yes. He's doing a great job. It's not even on the left, but I think I just hit the roof on the right side, but I'm scoring anyway. All right.
Then shouldn't modern players be able to defend at least this much? It's 13 to 9.
Open
Han Min-chi (Korean wordplay)
It's on.
I'm going to turn it over for now.
Dear Lee Ju,
Kim Jiwon and Kwon Minji
Silva is very comfortable clapping from Wonwoo's table. That's right. Yes. Director Kang Seo-young will take out Yang Hyo-jin as well. I put Na Yeon-soo on the spot.
Ah.
I hit Kim Hyunkyung underneath
Jung Ji-hoon scored 12 points today. Thank you for the bean cut. There needs to be an older sister who can say bitter things in the courtroom. Yes. You need to be able to concentrate on the game.
Thank you for your sharp serve and you have to hit me. You have to hit the back
Yes, I'm clearly shaking off the disappointment of the previous two sets with the third set attack. That's right.
No. 7 makes a score by saying, "Take a break even for a moment."
Shall we see the serve?
Jeong Ji-hyun
A single pig. Yes
Lee Ju Hwan, stop it.
Without Kim Hyun-joo's procedure. Yes, we almost had a fun scene.
I'm really flabbergasted. Yes.
They attack me on a good course and stop me
Hwang Hyun-joo scored. by 15 to 1
While falling, Harry
Open Kwon Min-jae's score made it 16 to 11. I'm in the second technical timeout of the third set. This is Suwon.
Are our kids doing well today as well? I just got to work now, but I'm already hungry. I want to see my mom. I want to go home. Do you have a white card?
Come on in. It's okay
Everyone is doing well. Tomorrow is growing well, so everything you work for, everything in the world, respect job Korea, Albamon
It's not that bad because I'm heartbroken. I'm a little bloated. The pharmacy is not that bad. No, it's not that bad. Don't endure the pain and bloating that you're eating gel force at once
Let's start. Tangerine posel
GS Caltex is currently leading by 5 points at the age of 3 with many consecutive points. Both teams are missing foreign players from Moma and Silva. Yes. Korean players are playing on the court now.
That's right. Two weeks, two weeks. But on days like this, once you hit it, you have a very high chance of scoring a point. You have to give me a lot. Yes
Lee Ju, who has a 50% attack success rate of 6 points today. With Kwon Min-ji coming out, Yu Gwan-nam was put in.
Jung Soo-hyun's thread was a little short. It's an open spike defense.
Jung Joon is making a score with his strength, and Kim Da-in is still in the process of tossing, so his hand has to come in and he has to get out, but the tip of his hand hits him and he just goes out, so this ball is shaking because he has no power. Yes.
Let's get to our seats quickly and cheerfully
Lee Ju-hwa and Lee Ju-hwan are doing a one-man show today, regardless of the result of the game until the central hole attack. All of a sudden, Lee Joo-hwa is like that. It popped out when I was three years old.
Why are you out there hitting me so well.
It becomes Park Hyun-joo's back attack bound.
To Lee So-yeon
I'm good at defending.
Let's move on.
Oh Se-hyun is floating. That's right
Yes, 18 to 1. Yes, yes, yes. Overall, GS Caltex players are playing better defense and playing well, especially in the connection part.
Director Kang Seo-young can't hide his frustration. It's time out.
And the center is the center, but I'll finish this quickly
It goes out a little faster, and we have to get it down faster over there, too. We're fast, too
This is director Han Se-young, who talked to the setter first.
That's how important Kim Da-in is. If you look at the contents of today's game, the contents of the game are so different that you don't know who went without Bonn. Hyundai E&C players are very late in their second movement. You can move in advance
Kim Young-hyun, Lee Dae-hyun,
Lee Da-yeon's attack score came out after a long time. I think I only saw one fastball when I was playing a father-in-law a while ago. So I thought it was over without watching it
I think Lee Da-hyun's fast attack is also his first attack today. It's a mistake, getting caught in the 18 vs 13 net.
19 to 13
Kim Ji-won
From this side, it leads to the blocking of Yoshi-hyun. The ball came just as Yoo Seon was waiting. Yes. It's happening until 20-13. Yes.
Kim Jiwon tries again with a 7-point gap
Let's put it here
Let's have a chance. Go Hyerim
It's 20 to 14.
Of course, Yang Hyo-jin and Moma are out now, but the game hasn't gone well, but there will be times when Hwang Hye-jin and Na Hyun-soo, who are in now, will definitely need them when they make a fake. Of course. Yes.
Hoyoung Lee Direct Key
You can't just play volleyball with six or seven people. So it's not about playing time, it's about at what point I'll score and at what point I'll create an atmosphere for the players and play this role. It's a time-out juice caltex.
Let's get back to where we're going
It's more laid down. This is the wrong direction
For GS Caltex, from the 1st to the 3rd set, it will shake little by little if you keep going in the second half of the set. Yes, in that regard, director Lee Hyung-taek is pointing it out a little and also emphasized the receiving part.
20 to 155 points. Oh Se-yoon needs to move quickly because there's almost no rear-end attack
The reception is shaky.
I couldn't.
It's Lee Joo-ah on the opposite side of Kim Ji-won's dig. Spike
Let's keep Hyunjoo alive. Goo Hyeri
It falls on the inside.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. is catching up again with 20 to 16
This course has no defense. If you can hit me, this course has a really high success rate. That's how much RBI and speed need to come out. Lee Ju-hwa came out and Silva was put back in.
General. Yes, come inMake a score as soon as you go to bed.
Jamsil Bar player, too
I didn't feel good around my ankle, so I went out and prepared to keep running. Yes
Wei came in. Cosy, I like it. Yes
But fortunately, Jung Yoon-ji, Jung Ji-hoon, and Ko Ye-rim are not in bad shape today. Both players have double-digit scores in today's game. It has an investment success rate of more than 40%.
I need to look at it again
It's soaring up and coming over.
Here we go again.
It's your score. There's no room for the second one. Yes
It's Silva who is lightly making scores. And overall, Kim Ji-hyun's back-to-back today has a very good RBI pitcher. Yes, it's 22 to 17. a five-point gap
It's going to be hard
Put it on top
I'm going to Silva.
back-to-back hits
I'm in position. One more time, Silva
Hwang Hyun-joo's master lifts Go Hari.
Is it working out? Poica
Nice attack Jung Ji-yoon This is a really pleasant score.
There will be offensive points that can save the atmosphere of the four teams at once.
If he couldn't stay, the ball would have had no choice but to hit the RBI quickly, but a very bold attack came out. Yes, 22 to 28
two-hand push
Points are declared.
However, we ask you to read the video as to whether it is a point or not.
GS Caltex team requested a video review for 4 hits.
That's right. In this case, if you hit it, it was confirmed as a pitch by the director's power. The opponent's bros are pushed by that power
There's a high probability that I'll get it right. Now I'm pulling it with two hands. Yes, coaches of both teams of today's game rarely reverse this video review right now. The judges' decision is correct today.
Moman is still in the king's zone.
That Moma player is Silva's and needs to be stimulated a little bit. Silva scored 31 points more consistently in the entire game. Awesome. Yes
I came to the eye drops again.
Hwang Hyun-joon lowers his attack success rate of 60% of his three points today.
TAG OUT WITHOUT THE CENTER.
Now, the gap, which was widened to a 7-point gap, narrows to a 2-point gap. That's right. GS Caltex players need to overcome this crisis a little bit. Time Out GS Caltex
Don't be in a hurry. Don't be flustered. Just be comfortable and don't be in a hurry
Once again, the juice that is getting anxious late in the set is Keith. Usually, there are two types of receiving players. One is the type who doesn't want to come to me at times like this and the type who wants to hit me at times like this
Yes. The second type would be good. I'm the first one. Is that so? It's 23 to 212 points.
The 25th is shaking.
I saved Kwon Minji's opening
Salvation is behind YUN SEO HYUN without attacking Silva
All right. Kim Jihyun is pointing out the details of the game. Yes, we will welcome the set points of the 24:21 GS Caltex 3 set.
Kwon Minji
I really enjoyed watching it.
Such a sub is the first danger. You put it in so safely. Yes, I feel sorry for no reason. Yes, director Lee Young-taek is also now. I couldn't hide my considerable regret.
It's director Kang Se-young who puts in the concerns. That's right. And it's because Ko Min-ji also has to play well in the remaining games. I've been giving a lot of numbers since my injury.
The reception went well.
It became silver. Fair enough.
I saved it.
In the end, 25 to 22 GS Caltex will take three sets.
With a set score of 2 to 1, GS Caltex is now leading again. We'll be broadcasting in four numbers in a little while. This is the Suwon gym.
waking up to the alarm every day, leaving the house every morning, waiting for acceptance, agonizing all night, and facing the end
And what you're starting over
I hope good things happen to everyone who works. Everything in the world, respect job Korea's Albamon Eo is also Greenvia. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right.
Nutrition balance is important. And you have to pay attention to your sugar, so you feel reassured. It's so delicious for me. Downstream Nutrition Green Via
Change the next schedule to 12 o'clock tomorrow and text Jin.
I'm sorry. It's not that bad. I'm a little bloated. It's not that big. No, it's not that big. Don't endure the heartburn and bloating that you can eat with Galpos at once
Let's get started. Tangerine Posel. Do you know why Dodram Han Don is the No. 1 player? Experts keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. No. 1 Meister to make Dodram dons
Let's try the taste that you like
Retirement pension Hana Bank i Hana Bank all together
As GS Caltex took three sets, it is now leading with a set score of 2 to 1.
In the third set, both teams made a lot of mistakes, and in the case of Hyundai Engineering & Construction, both Moma and Yang Hyun-jin went out a little bit as the attack did not go away.
That's right. And JS Caltex has a very good pattern in attack today and is making attack success rate. Of course, Silva is leading, but Kwon Min-ji and Ryu So-yeon are on the left
He's scoring a lot. In particular, in the third set, while Silva was briefly injured, Lee Joo-ah scored 63% and scored 6 points
He scored the most points in the set. That's right. Since he has shown that he can do it regardless of his right side, Lee Jae-hwan will have more opportunities to appear on the court whenever he has a chance. First of all, director Kang Sung-young excluded Yang Hyo-jin and his mother village.
I have precipitation. Yes
The two key players of the team are missing
Hwang Hyun-joo and Na Hyun-soo will take over.
Hi.
If you go to the checkout counter, I'm going to run full-time today to improve the condition of the players and even if I take a break from the next game, I'm going to make the opportunity to use this strength
It's a part, and two of the key players came out of the court. That's right.
Now, we're preparing for the 4th set.
Kim Da-in scored his 2nd serve today
These days, all seven teams are good at this short serve. Yes
KWON MIN JI will take it
Park Se-na was out of sync.
I'm Jung Ji-yoon of the attack against Shin Kwang-ho.
Jung Ji-hoon is the player who is showing the most consistent attack at Hyundai Engineering & Construction today.
That's right. Since Oma is out, Jung Ji-yoon continues to try the pipe in the middle during the second attack. Also, in spring volleyball, we don't know what will happen in the playoffs, so such an attempt is good.
Ford Ball among the connected Kim Hyun-gyeon
He hit me. This is the problem. Look at the problem that you need to think about right now. Does Kim Hyun-kyun have to run like that and post it? Should Lee Da-yeon put it up comfortably?
If you run now, you can't connect it straight. Of course, Kim Hyun-gil is chasing behind the advance fund.
It was a little short.
Oh Hyerim succeeded. All right.
The score is 3 to 1.
Ko Hye-rim and Jung Ju-hyun were good today, so if Yang Hyo-jin and Moma were in good condition
Coach Kang Sung-hyun could have made a game that he was really looking forward to. Yes. The receiving is shaking.
Jeong Ji-hoon scored a block out by turning Silva's consecutive hits into defense
The score is 4 to 1. Yes. A good attack came out that changed the atmosphere. Yes. Jung Ji-yoon is responsible for this because the oldest player, Yeon-hyun and Hwang In-soo, are connected. It's four to one. I'm ahead by three points.
Strong. Silva is scoring the 20th point.
But you still have to cheer up a little bit to get to your average score per game. The market share itself is high today by Kwon Min-ji and Yoo Sun on the left. Yes. He is averaging over 31 points per game.
Silva, who makes an ace with one point, has a song sub like a real cannon. Yes. If you're this strong with speed
The exact serve went in as if the male player was really right. A row of intuitionists. Yes.
Shake the receiving with a strong serve again.
Cold water juice. Patex Silva overhand
Cast steel stone sword successful.
He scored 6 points again. Yes. Now the attack success rate is 83%. That's right. I wasn't ready to attack where Lee Da-hyun was looking before that. Yes.
I'm requesting an operational time. Coach Kang Seo-young, I'm going to prepare and hit him in any situation, there's only a car in front of him. Even if you can't make a decision to make something like that, there's something called a structure. That's what it is
So, Dayeon can't catch anything that's not caught either. But when it's in this hand, I hold it one by one. I'm just saying that you'll come when it tastes like your hands
In any situation, you have to hit the ball when it comes.
And it was too far from Hwang Hyun-jae's posting. Instead of thinking that it's going to go to Jung Ji Hoon, you have to get ready to hit him and take care of him in the count
Rather than making a cool score, there should be no mistakes in small things. Yes.
They tied the game four times with three consecutive points.
a short serve
I put it up. It gives me power.
Jung Jihoon got blocked right away. Where are you going? Please come after Jung Ji-hoon again.
I did a good job with this. First, rebound play. Then, when you get a chance, you have to be strong
It was 5 to 4 by making a touch and a score. Ryu So-yeon's receiving
It's a bloody success.
KWON MIN JI scored 14 points
Kwon Bin-ji will serve the 2nd ball.
Go Hyerim, left stop
Han Soojin's dig jumper
one's last chance
I saw the defense. Hwang Hyun-joo lifted it. The 2nd level connection is too weak
It's out.
Yes, GS Caltex leads with a score of 6 to 5.
Due to a mistake, GS Caltex is now leading by one point.
Park Hyunjoo as Backers
I'm blocked.
Blocking point Louis moved in advance and a good block came out. Yes, if Na Hyun-soo was a non-kick, it should be this short, but he was a kick. Yes
Now, the provincial government is ahead of itself.
Kim Hyun-kyung came out and watched it. Kim Hyunjoo is here.
The score is 7 to 61 points
There's a one-point gap, and coach Kang Se-young
Except for Hwang Hyun-joo and Kim Da-in, Moma and Kim Sa-rang are put in, first of all, increasing the number of avant-garde attacks.
I think he thought he needed to give Mom a little more time to improve his condition. Yes
The serve was long.
He's getting his first dead-knick timeout of four sets as he goes 8-6. This is Suwon.
Compass of Korea's Health
Korea's First Stomach Health Double Formulation Will Peony
I'm going to take care of my stomach's health
As expected, it's an outpatient on the top.
Coming soon to Travelcard for all travel masters in the world. Travelogue and Visa met.
Just Go Hana Visa Travel Gow
Oh, you're Green Bia, too. You have to take care of your breakfast. That's right. Nutrition is also important. And you have to pay attention to your family, too. I feel reassured. I'm so delicious. Healthcare Downstream Nutrition, Jeong Food
Green via
GS Caltex leads by 2 points, 8 to 0.
For Hyundai E&C, Moma player is back in.
He's getting ready to serve. Yes. It shows an attack success rate of 83% with 7 points blocked.
Dewey isn't particularly outstanding, but he's defending that position too well. It might be because of that.
I can't see any gaps. Ddoi and Oh Se-hyun are now in charge of the mid-blocker, so they've stabilized a bit. Yes, yes.
First, Moma came in and scored the first attack.
The score is 8 to 7. There's a reason why Kim Sa-rang goes in. If you put it in with Moma, it is right to give a little more each time you have a chance.
The reception was short.
I saved it
Please give it to me again.
Ko Hyerim's Dig
I get up and hit him.
It's Silva after keeping it alive. Jung Ji-hoon defended and once again, Go Hye-rim Pike,
Han Soo-jin, Yoseoyeon's real number
That's a score. Yes, yes.
Touch out
This score GS Caltex has a goal to gain strength again.
I guess it really passed by a little bit.
Unit 7
KWON MIN JI who saves Kang Seok Gong
There are two players, Ko Ye-rim and Na Yeon-soo, so Silva was attacking with confidence and Kwon Min-ji is doing well behind the scenes today. Yes.
The score is 10 to 7
It ran and Soo-jin once again receives Ko Hye-rim's attack. Let's jump
11 vs. 7 for quick handling.
Lee Soo-yeon is so good at looking at the straight line and hitting it. This is Hyundai Engineering & Construction requesting operation time.
Hey, why did you two change so much? Yes, you said you have to go somewhere you can go. That means you have to go to the night even if Lee Seo-hyun is not there. That's how you go probabilistically. If everyone comes this way because you're having a hard time, it's meaningless.
There is no meaningless replacement. As I said, there's a reason why I'm going in. I've decided on my mom and dad
If you hit the ball more and there's Yoo Sun-young in the back, you have to go more, but if Kim Sun-hwan goes to the side where his face is comfortable
I'm doing it.
GS Caltex, which has scored three points in a row, leads 11-7.
I got trained and it's a mock award
block-out score
Maga sees the blocker and hits it to make it the 15th point.
Na Hyunsoo's serve score. Na Hyunsoo
It dropped with little rotation.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction serves better, and there are more breaking, but it's the only part of offense
GS Caltex is leading the way, especially in the post-dig counterattack process. It's 12 to 9.
I'm going to turn it over for now. I'll make it long
Moa boasts a wide view.
Han Soo-jin also defended well, but Silva also passed his inevitable body, but he doesn't miss it. The gap narrows a little by two points.
Moma who has a serve score today
It's out.
It's out of the way. It's 12 to 11-1 points. Kwon Min-ji should have a different batting style when there is a mother player in front of him and Kim Sun-hwan. I'm requesting an operational time. GS Caltex
You have to concentrate until the end. Don't kill us. Let's keep doing the best
Coach Lee Young-taek also felt a little sorry for the mistake in the counterattack situation after the defense
I told him to keep his concentration until the end. It's a one-point difference. It's 12 to 11. Moma's serve will continue.
It's out.
All right.
Thirteen to 11 for a serve mistake
The course was very good. It's a bit off. Yes
Oh Sehyun with 5 points today
I fell down. Direct key
Yes, Ddoi and Kwon Min-ji slightly overlapped.
Ddoi solved it. Yes, you have to be greedy with cheeks like this. Yes, it's a bonus. But it shouldn't be bumped. By all means.
Take mine to the center
It's soaring. Oh my
It's out of live-by-dye.
The previous two players bumped into each other, and now the two players have passed each other too much.
I think we need some smooth agreement
From now on, Kwon Min-ji has to do it.
The reception is shaky.
Hit Kwon Minji Netin.
14 to 131 points
After Hyundai Engineering & Construction's mistake of tying the game, Ko Hye-rim quickly took some after the mistake and served before getting ready. Director Lee Young-taek mentioned this part before. That's right.
one's last chance
I'm out of sync.
Kim Jaehyun's Lee Dong. Yes, it's a success.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction ahead of the game
Now, Lee Da-hyun's moving attack, which was not seen, came out. 15 to 14 Kim Sa-rang center is also in the court right now
I'm working well with the players right now.
It's touch out.
So, even though this Silva was in an avant-garde position, he scored consecutive points. Yes, these things are a bit disappointing. It's tied again.
Silva with serve points today
This time, it's pushed out. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is facing its second technical timeout of four sets, with a 16-10 lead of one point. This is Suwon.
I don't want to eat anything else
Why it's cheese? Pradak chicken
Hyundai Engineering & Construction took advantage of the wavering atmosphere of GS Caltex to create a reversal. He is leading by one point with 16 to 15.
Moma and Kim Sa-rang, who entered the court, are also creating a good atmosphere.
Lee Da-hyun of the sub
It was fence-pain, but it was defended.
It's coming back. Kim Ji-won.
All right.
It's a decision that it's correct, but I'm asking for a video review.
It's all our people
I think I'll check if it fits the body of player Ko Hye-rim who defended. Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested a video review of the defender touchout. Your expression is a little strange. I'm not sure. Can you see it on the screen?
Yes
This defensive touch is actually a very difficult item to see.
As a result of the reading, it was confirmed as no touch. It's confirmed that it's no touch.
Yes, if this happens, the gap will be widened by one more point. First of all, if you can't check it on the screen, this judgment is coming out. 17 to 15
Thank you.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction now leads by two points.
It's a success.
As I always say, he's a good striker. Yes, that’s right.
Player Woo Daram is here.
One, two, three
It's out.
I said I would do one every time I came in, but today I have two serve mistakes.
You have to cheer up. I'm Kim Sun-young.
The reception is shaky.
Lee Tae-yeon's consecutive batting rebound play
Yes, it's a success for Tui. Technically, I used the fastball well. Yes, this is the 9th point of today's game
Jang Yu-jin is still outside.
a long annual leave in Rome
Moma is not your touch right now. I'm talking about all four touches of hair. Yes. It's quite sensitive. Yes. While enjoying Hyundai Engineering & Construction
Yes. I requested a video review of the touch. I introduced you.
Now, whether it's a shoulder or a head.
Let's see again.
I think this screen will be the best to see.
So even though my body was completely tilted in the net, if my head served as a cushion like this, it was confirmed as four touches as a result of my touch. I'm just looking at it. If it wasn't like that
It's a story that it's okay if it hits your hair even though your center was okay, but now I think your center is completely tilted.
It was tied at 18 to 18.
Let's pick a baektu. You're out. It's out.
The little one needs to find some composure. That's right. If you play in anger, it doesn't work out as you want. Yes.
You have to be cool and show that you can do it enough. Itanes takes another step ahead.
a life-saving suicide note
It's inside. Yes.
GS Caltech's Song Hwa and Kim Ji-hoon, who scored four points in 20s and 18s in a row, are in perfect harmony today. Yes.
Rather than Silva's overstretched hitting ball, he uses enough speed when he comes in.
I'm out again.
The Roma player is a bit
I don't know. Yes.
I think I need to hurry up with my emotions. Yes, in this case, you need to distinguish whether the center should give it or not.
It's coming over.
GS Caltex Chance Ball
On the contrary, Silva is making a tremendous attack on this opportunity. GS Cal Defeat with six consecutive points from 22 to 18.
From Hyundai Engineering & Construction's point of view, today's game is not meaningless. Of course. We need to calm down and prepare for the next game
Lee Seohyun, yes
It's a success.
Draw 7 points in a row. Starting 23 vs 18 and to this day, GS Caltex has much lower counterattacks since Dig. Yes Yes Yes
23 to 1.9 billion
Kim Ji-won
Match point of today's game GS Caltex, creating a touch-out score. In one way or another, Sinta makes all the points. Yes. Success rate close to 51%
It's already an average of 31 points.
It's still GS Caltex's match point today.
I got hit by defense
You have to make a score.
Rather than thinking that Kim Ji-won is one right now, it's manager Lee Young-taek who asks for operation time.
You have to get into it quickly. Do I have to be immersed in it? I have to prepare for the last one and deal with the places that come too fast. The wind also comes this way quickly, and the cold comes inside, too
It's GS Caltex with one match point left. In the last five rounds, Silva won by 3 to 2, scoring 35 points. Yes.
I put it up and you scored
That's right. Today's winner is the opponent who brought the existing members.
We showed great performance throughout the game and won today
This is the end of today's lecture broadcast. I was with artists Park Mi-hee. I was castor Lee Yong Hoon. Thank you, everyone. Bye